What do you want?
I came to you today
I want to get that recording pen back
Name your price.
What recording?
Don't play dumb for me.
Xiaoya asked me to come
A recording for money you can't spend in your lifetime
Is this a good deal for you?
Recordings are not for sale
I just want to be with Xiaoya
Hmm
Kid, hand over the recorder
I don't know any recorder
You got the wrong person.
continue
Boy, you dare to call our Mr. Jin's woman
Are you impatient? Hurry up.
Hand over the recording coin
Or I will kill you.
In the second drawer in the cabinet
big brother
You're a little too young to fight with me
Li Xiaoya
Thanks to my sincerity to you
But treat me so
Xiaoya
Give me the recorder
Hahaha, don't worry.
This recording pen?
I can only rest assured if you put it with me.